# Organising committee meeting

** Date** : 2019-01-30
** Present**:
- T.A
- N.Z
- N.G
- M.W


## Agenda

1. Questions about the mentored sprints

2. Submissions:
 2.1 Open source projects
 2.2 Attendees
 
3. Assign roles and define involvement

4. AoB

---

## Notes

### 1. Questions about the mentored sprints

- Are we going to need sponsorship for snacks or coffee? T.A to check with PyCon organisers if these are 
provided or if there are restrictions regarding getting sponsors
- Is there any chance we can get computers for the day? N.Z to check if we can get hold of some computers through work
- Do we need to create a Slack channel? - There _might_ be one for the sprints already so T.A will check with the organising team
and if so we can create a channel for the day `#mentored-sprints`
- Can we get some of the Python core developers interested? M.W to check with some of of the core devs 
- Create guidelines and processes to deal with harassment or similar issues on the day of the event 
- Do we need a Twitter account?

### 2. Submissions
We said we would open submissions right after the 7th of February 
- Google forms seem to be the best option to capture the information (as this is not a regular call for papers but more like a registration 
form)
Info to capture:


**Attendees**: 
- Coding experience
- Preferred OS
- Interest in Python areas or projects (web, data, etc)
- Git experience
- What kind of contrubution would they like to do (docs, code, design...)
- Have they ever attended a sprint or hackathon?
- Contact details

**Projects**
- Time slot: 2hours or the full 4hours
- Name of the devs ready to mentor
- Link to the project repo
- Link to the issue tracker
- Link to contributing guidelines
- Do you have beginner friendly issues?
- Have you participated in sprints as a mentor?
- Contact details

## AoB

- Nina has asked Ashley M and she will be creating a logo/set of stickers 🎉
- Nina has also volunteered to be our git expert and give a git demo on the day *thanks Nina*

### TO DO
- Update the description on the main website so that this is adverstised
- Create registration forms
- Comms: draft a blogpost, and some comm tweets


